README for libdc (Dreamcast Lowlevel Utility Library)
Copyright (C) 2001, the libdc authors.

TRADEMARKS
----------
"Sega", "Dreamcast", and "Virtual-On" are registered trademarks of Sega
Enterprises, Ltd. This library has no association with Sega or any of its
affiliates, besides working on their hardware. All other trademarks are
owned by their respective trademark holders.

WHAT IS LIBDC
---------------- 
Libdc is the function library for the Netplay VOOT project. Based off a
variety of sources as well as containing plenty of original code, it serves
as a central repository for the majority of the Netplay VOOT source.

Libdc, as opposed to the much more featureful KOS or libdream, is designed
with low memory and low hardware impact as well as good documentation all in
mind. Especially good documentation. We believe the majority of Dreamcast
software libraries are not well documented, or their code is relatively
"obscure". Libdc hopes this never happens to it, even if it means trading
off speed and code-size.

LICENSE
-------
This is a work in progress. The library itself is distributed under the
LGPL. We, the authors, suggest you read this software license and understand
it before using libdc in your project.

Each source file in libdc also contains a copyright and modification notice.

COMPILING IT
------------
For the moment, you're on your own there. Setup a SH4 gcc target, type
"make", and hope for the best. We hope our make setup is clean and clear
enough that it should work out of the box for anyone. If it doesn't, the
layout should be in such a fashion that anyone could get it to work for
them.

USING IT
--------
Include "libdc.h". Call the functions you need. End of story.

DOCUMENTATION
-------------
This is an important segment of this project. However, we suggest you read
the source files before looking for/at the documentation.

Why?

Because we haven't written any (documentation) yet.

COPYING
-------
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License
for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,
Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA

CREDITS
-------
See the AUTHORS file for a list of the authors/copyrights.

If you want to do anything with this project, which isn't authorized by the
LGPL, then you're going to have to get in contact with all the listed people
and obtain their permission.

the libdc authors
Mon Aug  6 14:37:53 PDT 2001
http://sourceforge.net/projects/voot/
